[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
a desperate Majin Buu
detonated his own body.
Dende. That must have been
some quick thinking
to get out alive.
[NARRATOR] But shortly after
Dende reunited with the group,
Buu returned to the battle.
[GOHAN] Let's see
how much you've changed.
[NARRATOR]
The fight goes on, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
Buu!
What'd you go
killin' everybody for?
You promised me you were done
with all that garbage, remember?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Buu. Come on, buddy,
don't you remember me?
It's no use.
He's no longer the Buu
that you used to know.
[MR. SATAN grunts]
Hey! Look here, Buu!
It's the little puppy
you saved, remember?
Look how good he's doing,
isn't that great?!
[SUPER BUU laughs]
Didn't you hear me--
I said it won't work.
So give it up. You'll just
interfere with Gohan's fight.
[MR. SATAN growls]
But he's gotta be
in there somewhere.
[GOHAN] Strange. Why's he
so confident when his power's
the same as before?
[GOKU]
What is this?
He must have
something up his sleeve.
Hmph! He's bluffing,
can't you tell?
He'll blow himself up
as soon as he gets in trouble.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Come on, little ones!
Do your magic!
I want to fight
the mixed one again!
What?
We're not taking requests here.
You're fighting with me now,
and only me!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
First, I want to settle things
with the two little ones.
Then, and only then,
I fight a new challenger!
Why, Buu?
If you want a real contest
then what are you stalling for?
You want to defeat me
more than anything--
that's what you said!
What's the matter, little ones?
You afraid to fight me again?
What happened
to all the big talk?
I thought you were brave.
Hey, watch your mouth!
Yeah, we're not
scared of you one bit!
I don't know if you've got a bad
memory or a death wish, Buu.
You were lucky the last time,
'cause we changed
back to normal.
If we hadn't,
you'd be done for sure!
[SUPER BUU]
Really? Is that what you think?
Then why are you scared
to fight me now?
--[GOTEN] What?
--[TRUNKS] Stop saying that!
He thinks we're afraid!
All right. That's enough talk!
Let's finish things
for good this time, Trunks.
What do you say?
Yeah! Of course
we'll finish him!
Nobody can talk to us like that
and get away with it!
[PICCOLO]
Wait, boys, this feels strange.
He's planning something.
But what?
Relax, Piccolo,
you're overthinking it.
The guy can't control
his ego, that's all.
He's hardly
the plan-making type.
Let's go!
No! Come back!
All right! We've had
plenty of time
to get our energy back!
We can fuse again, no problem!
[GOHAN] No! You boys
just stay quiet and watch.
Let me handle this.
[TRUNKS]
You've gotta be kidding!
You heard what he said to us!
We can't just
stand back and take it!
[BEE growling]
[BEE barking]
You don't have to worry,
Gohan, we'll be fine.
You haven't been around
to see our Fusion
so you don't know
how strong we are,
but we don't need protecting!
Give us some space!
[SUPER BUU] Yes. The "Fusion."
Do it, little ones, do it!
Okay. Let's do this, Goten!
Right! This time let's skip
right to Super Gotenks!
Fu...
[BOTH]
...sion Ha!
Wow. So that's what
Fusion looks like, huh?
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
[GOTENKS]
Yeah! Ha-ha-haa!
You should be careful
what you ask for, Buu!
You wanted Super Gotenks
and now you're gonna regret it!
That makes no sense!
You can't have two kids just
suddenly turn into one kid--
that's bad math! This is crazy.
[SUPER BUU] Perfect. If I can
have the little one's power,
and the green one's brain...
[barking]
So, it's a trick, right?
Like a magic show?
[BEE growling]
Hey, what's that, boy?
Now's not a good time.
What, are you hungry
or something?
Me too, but we'll have to wait
till the world's not ending.
[barking]
Okay, I know you
want to fight him too,
but I'll take the first shot.
After all, that dope
did ask for me, right?
[GOHAN chuckles]
I'm gonna have to
warn you though...
Ha! There may not be
much left to fight
when I'm through him.
Fine, go ahead.
Just don't let
your guard down, okay?
[GOTENKS]
Ugh. Yeah, yeah, I won't.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[barks, growling]
Hey Bee! Come back!
Where are you going?
It's too dangerous, boy!
Look, I know
puppies are curious,
but you're gonna get hurt!
[BEE barking, growling]
[screams]
[GOTENKS]
You ready for this?
Aaah!
[grunting]
Hey! What the--?
[GOTENKS]
Get off me!
What is this?
Aah!
[PICCOLO grunting]
No! Piccolo, please!
Buu! Stop it!
What are you doing?
And now you're mine!
[GOHAN]
Damn it, no! No!
[SUPER BUU groans]
No! I should've known!
That's what he's up to!
[KIBITO gasps]
Go! Attack him, Gohan!
Stop him, while you still can!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
Aah...
What? It can't be! No!
[MR. SATAN] What?
What can't be? What'd he do?
He, uh... He absorbed Piccolo
and Gotenks into his body.
I could feel it happening--
they're part of his being now!
What? How does this
keep on getting weirder?
Be honest, Gohan,
what do you think?
I'd say my strategy
was quite successful,
but the results
speak for themselves.
[grunts]
[GOHAN growls]
You're privileged just to
be here, witnessing the most
important day in the
history of the universe.
You've seen the birth
of the ultimate Majin.
[laughing]
[GOHAN] That was a dirty move.
You've got no honor at all.
You snuck up on them so
they couldn't even fight back.
It's your own fault, kid.
I'm supposed to be
the absolute strongest fighter
in the universe,
but you were stronger.
I put this plan into motion
the minute I sensed
your new energy
on whatever faraway world
you were hiding on.
I knew I had to do something
to push my power beyond yours.
That's when I got my big idea.
If I could absorb that
curious little fused child,
then the boost to
my strength would make it
impossible for anyone
to challenge me ever again,
and I would stay on top
of the heap forever.
But there was a problem.
Apparently, the child's
powers had a time limit.
That's what he said.
Let's hurry it up!
I can only hold
this awesome power level
for a little while longer
before I have to change back!
After that,
it'll take a whole hour
before I can recover
and do this again!
[SUPER BUU] I couldn't
have him power down as soon as
I absorbed him. I needed his
full strength to deal with you.
Luckily, I only had to wait
an hour before he could
transform into this
"Super Gotenks" again.
That's why I blew myself up,
to buy him time.
I should've known
it was all a trick.
But then, it doesn't
seem like this great plan's
made you any smarter.
A wise fighter wouldn't be
telling all this to his enemy.
And if you really wanted
to become invincible,
then you should have
used your cowardly little
sneak attack to
absorb me instead.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
You really don't get it, do you?
What's the point
of being the strongest
if there's no one to fight?
It's just like the
previous Majin Buu said.
I'm going to kill you in battle,
no matter what it takes.
Nothing less
will satisfy me now.
Okay then. You want a fight?
--Then let's go.
--Let's.
Although it appears I'm going
to have to make this quick.
I can feel that the time limit
on Super Gotenks' power
is even shorter than I thought,
and I don't want to take
any chances against you.
That's some pretty solid
reasoning for a guy like you.
I guess Piccolo's
intelligence is starting
to rub off on you, after all.
This fight ends
in death. I swear.
Don't worry, I'm okay with that.
I'll make it yours.
[SUPER BUU groans]
Huh?
[yells]
[SUPER BUU groans]
[GOHAN grunts]
[SUPER BUU yells]
[GOHAN groaning]
[GOHAN grunts]
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[SUPER BUU]
Heh.
[MR. SATAN] Uh, hey there,
friendly little green fella.
Uh. Me?
Did you see all of that?
Uh, with your eyes?
What, you mean the fight?
Yes, of course--
aren't you watching it, too?
So they were fighting--
I mean, I assumed so.
But if you can
follow all of that,
you're clearly not a human.
So are you like an alien
observing us, or what?
Well, yes. That's one way
you could describe my job.
What? Well, if you
have been watching us
you've probably heard of me,
'cause I'm the one and only
martial arts champion
of the world, Mr. Satan.
Good to know ya.
Thanks. The pleasure's
mine, I guess.
[SUPER BUU]
Ha! You're still holding back.
You know it will
take more to kill me.
Trying to test my abilities
first before you show
your full hand,
is that what you're up to?
Piccolo's definitely
helping you out up here, huh?
Now you can see through
all of my tactics.
Tch! You're making this tricky.
[SUPER BUU]
Hmph.
All right, Buu. I guess
it's time to get serious.
Your move.
[GOHAN yells]
[SUPER BUU] Nice try.
What have you got for me next?
[GOHAN grunts]
[yells]
[SUPER BUU yells]
[GOHAN]
Aah!
Gohan, that blast! Look out!
[yells]
[DENDE, MR. SATAN, BEE groan]
No! How can this be true?
As powerful as Gohan's become,
he's still no match for Buu!
Gohan.
[ELDER KAI]
Hmmm... Hmmm...
[GOHAN gasps]
[yells]
[DENDE]
Gohan!
[groans]
[SUPER BUU] That was Piccolo's
technique, wasn't it?
[SUPER BUU] Special Beam Cannon?
That's what he called it, right?
Of course, my version
packs a lot more punch.
He meant a lot
to you, didn't he?
Must make this tough.
[GOHAN grunts]
[GOHAN groaning]
I am once again the strongest
being in the universe!
[screaming]
And I did it for this moment--
to watch you die!
[SUPER BUU]
Hmm.
[yells]
[SUPER BUU GHOST 1 laughing]
[MR. SATAN screaming]
What on Earth's going on?
Buu spit up a little ghost Buu!
Ghosts are real, too?
Don't ask me to explain.
[SUPER BUU GHOST 1 yells]
[laughing]
What the hell is that thing?
[SUPER BUU GHOST 1 laughing]
Now, die!
Watch out, Gohan!
Don't let it touch you!
[GOHAN yells]
[MR. SATAN, BEE, DENDE whimper]
Gohan's energy
has completely vanished!
It can't be.
Please tell me he didn't
get you, son. Come on.
[KIBITO gasping]
Well, I would definitely
describe this as bad.
[screaming]
God help me!
You can blow up the whole world,
but please don't kill me!
Hey, I'm alive! We made it,
Bee, I knew we would!
[shrieks]
Where'd the little guy go?
What's the matter?
Why are you hiding down there
with your energy masked?
Are you trying
to buy yourself time?
That's telling behavior, Gohan.
You're clearly coming
to terms with the truth.
You know that you're
no match for me in this form.
[NARRATOR] Majin Buu has
absorbed Piccolo and Gotenks,
and their powers
and intellect are his.
The battle for Earth
is more dire than ever.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I don't know what
we're supposed to do now!
After all his powering up,
Gohan still doesn't
have enough to stop Buu!
[ELDER KAI] I didn't think
it would come to this,
but there's no choice, Goku!
You going back is the only way!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] The Elder Kai
is giving his life? For us?